Implement a SyncReadMem wrapper with explicit read, write, and read/write ports (#3228)
chipsalliance/chisel: docs/src/explanations/memories.md

For more information, check the experimental docs on [Loading Memories](../appendix/experimental-features#loading-memories) feature.

## SRAM

> Chisel provides an API to generate `SRAM` memories, which are currently alternative APIs for `SyncReadMem`. The key difference between the `SRAM` and `SyncReadMem` APIs is the former's capability to declare a specific number of read, write, and read-write memory ports, which are interacted with using explicit bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chisel provides an API to generate `SRAM` memories, which are currently alternative APIs for `SyncReadMem`.
The key difference between the `SRAM` and `SyncReadMem` APIs is the former's capability to declare a specific number of read, write, and read-write memory ports, which are interacted with using explicit bundles.
```
As a general style when writing markdown, it's best to do 1 sentence per line--it makes diffs easier to read and merge conflicts easier to resolve.

```scala mdoc:silent
import chisel3.util._

class ModuleWithSRAM(numReadPorts: Int, numWritePorts: Int, numReadwritePorts: Int) extends Module {
  val width: Int = 8

  val io = IO(new SRAMInterface(1024, UInt(width.W), numReadPorts, numWritePorts, numReadwritePorts))

  // Generate a SyncReadMem representing an SRAM with an explicit number of read, write, and read-write ports
  io :<>= SRAM(1024, UInt(width.W), numReadPorts, numWritePorts, numReadwritePorts)
}
```

> To interact with a desired port, index into the `numReadPorts`, `numWritePorts`, and `numReadwritePorts` signals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with a desired port, use the `readPorts`, `writePorts`, and `readwritePorts` fields:
```

```scala mdoc:silent
class TopModule extends Module {
  // Declare a 2 read, 2 write, 2 read-write ported SRAM with 8-bit UInt data members
  val memModule = Module(new ModuleWithSRAM(2, 2, 2))

  // Whenever we want to read from the first read port
  memModule.io.readPorts(0).address := 100.U
  memModule.io.readPorts(0).enable := true.B

  // Read data is returned one cycle after enable is driven
  val foo = WireInit(UInt(8.W), memModule.io.readPorts(0).data)

  // Whenever we want to write to the second write port
  memModule.io.writePorts(1).address := 5.U
  memModule.io.writePorts(1).enable := true.B
  memModule.io.writePorts(1).data := 12.U

  // Whenever we want to read or write to the third read-write port
  // Write:
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).address := 5.U
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).enable := true.B
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).isWrite := true.B
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).writeData := 100.U

  // Read:
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).address := 5.U
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).enable := true.B
  memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).isWrite := false.B
  val bar = WireInit(UInt(8.W), memModule.io.readwritePorts(2).readData)

> }

Reviewer: I think this example is reasonable, but I don't see the point in wrapping the call to `SRAM` in a `ModuleWithSRAM`, I would just instantiate it directly.

For more information, check the experimental docs on [Loading Memories](../appendix/experimental-features#loading-memories) feature.

## SRAM

> Chisel provides an API to generate `SRAM` memories, which are currently alternative APIs for `SyncReadMem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chisel provides an API to generate `SRAMs`, an alternative APIs for `SyncReadMem`.
```
